hey guys this is Nick with phone arena
and I'm sure come CC 2015 right now I'm
checking out the new Acer Liquid z520
which is a budget-friendly model that
offers a pretty large display that's
pretty much its selling point the large
screen combined with a low price point
speaking of the screen measures five
inches in diagonal resolution is
unfortunately quite low 480 by 854
pixels as far as build quality goes the
phone is entirely made of plastic it
features this nice texture at the back
and it doesn't turn it in any
fingerprints and it's quite grippy
that's a good thing but overall the
phone is quite thick for a 2015 model it
doesn't really have that big of a
battery to justify the extra thickness
the processor inside this guy is a quad
core silicon by mediatek has a maximum
frequency of about 1.3 gigahertz and it
gets the job done of course you don't
really expect a processor like this
student smoothly and to handle all the
latest software but it's alright for the
price we get the Android running on this
device is 4.4 kitkat and there are some
customizations going on but overall
nothing really major this is what the
recent apps list looks like there are
some customizations going on here but
overall nothing too fancy the camera on
the device is a 5 megapixel one with a
single LED flash a pretty basic camera
to be honest and the front-facing camera
has a
solution of two megapixels and that's
about it this is the acer liquid c5 24
you guys from M CC 2015 this is Nick
with phone arena